[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-anatomy.adoc

Reviewer: + character not needed here
```suggestion

```

[id="compliance-anatomy_{context}"]
= Anatomy of a scan

[role="_abstract"]

> The following sections outline the components and stages of Compliance Operator scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before troubleshooting Compliance Operator scans, familiarize yourself with the components and stages of Compliance Operator scans.
```
